<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<!--
    ABOUT THIS PROJECT:

    This project provides a series of demos that demonstrate various JSF v2
    and facelets coding techniques. Most view pages for the demos are locsted
    in separate folders, such as demo1, demo2 and so forth. Only global pages
    are located in the root directory.
-->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:fn="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/functions"
      xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
      xmlns:cc="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite">
    <h:head>
        <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
        <meta name="Keywords" content="JSF WCTC JAVA"/>
        <meta name="Description" content="A basic JSF v2 home page without a template"/>
        <meta name="Robots" content="index,follow"/>

        <title>Simple JSF v2 Page, No Template</title>

        <h:outputStylesheet name="default.css" library="css" />
        <h:outputStylesheet name="cssLayout.css" library="css" />
        <link rel="SHORTCUT ICON" href="/JSFShowcase/favicon.ico"/>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <h1>Welcome to WCTC's JavaServer Faces Demo Project<br/>
            <span style="font-size:small;color:blue;">(Updated Dec. 19, 2011)</span></h1>
        <p>This Netbeans project provides a variety of demonstrations of JSF v2
        and facelets programming techniques, using both JSF Managed Beans and
        CDI implementations, plus Spring Framework core and security services.</p>
        <h3>Supporting HTML Comments</h3>
        <p>In the source code for the XHTML pages you will find HTML comments. Normally,
           these comments are not allowed near some JSF/Facelets tags. However, this can
           be allowed by configuring your web app to allow them. Add this to your
           web.xml file:</p>
        <pre>
            &lt;context-param&gt;
                &lt;param-name&gt;javax.faces.FACELETS_SKIP_COMMENTS&lt;/param-name&gt;
                &lt;param-value&gt;true&lt;/param-value&gt;
            &lt;/context-param&gt;
        </pre>
        <h3>PrimeFaces v2.2.1 JSF Components</h3>
        <p>Many JSF components used in this version are from PrimeFaces v2.2.1.
            Other 3rd party libraries needed are the Spring core and security .jar files,
            plus the the JDBC driver for MS-SQL Server.</p>
        <p>This project has been tested only on Glassfish 3.1.1. 
            which contains Mojarra 2.1.0.
        </p>

        <h1>Demos available in this Project</h1>
        <ul>
            <li style="margin-bottom: 10px;"><h:link value="Demo 1" outcome="/demo1/index" />:
                Simple JSF/Facelets page, Request Scoped Managed Bean, no template</li>
            <li style="margin-bottom: 10px;"><h:link value="Demo 2" outcome="/demo2/index" />:
                Simple JSF/Facelets page, Session Scoped Managed Bean, no template</li>
            <li style="margin-bottom: 10px;"><h:link value="Demo 3" outcome="/demo3/page1" />:
                Simple JSF/Facelets client pages using template with and without include tags. Also,
                beginning with this demo i18n properties files (see "default package") are used
                for some of the text in the view layer (mainly the title, but the minValue and maxValue
                as well). "i18n" is the term used for internationalizing an application. This is done
                by providing a common base name for the file, plus a language extension, such as
                "en" for English or "de" for German.
            </li>
            <li style="margin-bottom: 10px;"><h:link value="Demo 4" outcome="/demo4/guess1" />:
                Simple Number Guess game demonstrating multiple JSF/Facelets features including
                SessionScoped ManagedBean, Conversion and Validation, both client-side and server-side</li>
            <li style="margin-bottom: 10px;"><h:link value="Demo 5" outcome="/demo5/grid1" />:
                Data-bound grid demo with JSF dataTable vs. PrimeFaces dataTable, plus
                Spring JDBC access and CDI ManagedBean vs. JSF ManagedBean, providing an easy form of
                dependency injection</li>
            <li style="margin-bottom: 10px;"><h:link value="Demo 6" outcome="/demo6/page1" />:
                This demo shows the differences between the 'action' attribute and the
                'actionListener' attribute of a JSF 2 component, such as 'commandButton'</li>
            <li style="margin-bottom: 10px;"><h:link value="Secured Page for Admin" outcome="/admin/page1" />:
                This page demonstrates secure access via Spring Security and 
                forces a login for a user with username=admin and password=admin</li>
            <li style="margin-bottom: 10px;"><h:link value="Secured Page for Members" outcome="/member/page1" />:
                This page demonstrates secure access via Spring Security and 
                forces a login for a user with username=member and password=member</li>
        </ul>


    </h:body>

</html>

